Well, your first script is written.
You've got your shebang up here.
You've got your comment, then you've got two lines to print text to the screen in two different ways,
But how do you save it?
How do you save your file?
So remember, I said there was different modes that there are in vim?  Right now,
you're in insert mode, which just lets you type text however you want.
So if you hit escape key once--see that insert disappeared now?  Now you're in what's called Command
Mode.
There's no actual indicator that you're in this mode except that there's just nothing down here.
And it's the default mode that you get into when you first opened vim, which is why you had to press
"i" to go into Insert Mode.
So now that you're in Command Mode type ":w" to write the file and then press enter.
So there there you see the script is written, which is the same as saving it, but you're still actually
in the editor.
So how do you actually quit out of it?
The same way: press ":".
But this time do "q" for quit. Press enter and then you're back at your command line and your script has
been saved.